README
November 24, 2002

This package is not currently sanctioned by the original driver developers
although several attempts to contact them have been made.  Hopefully, this
work will be rolled back into the main development trees.  Until that time,
I will be taking responsibility for this code.  If you have any questions,
comments, problems, patches, or complaints, send them to jej@j-arkadia.com.
Please include the word WACOM in the subject to help me differentiate your
email from the spam I usually receive.

John E.Joganic
jej@j-arkadia.com

==============================================================================

BUILDING FROM CVS:

You should run bootstrap from the main directory to correctly initialize
the project.  From there, run configure as you would normally.  Installation
is not automatic so there is no make install target.  Configure options are
explained below.

    $ ./bootstrap && ./configure && make

==============================================================================

BUILDING FROM TARBALL:

As you would expect, run configure and make.  Installation is not automatic
so there is no make install target.  Configure options are explained below.

    $ ./configure && make

==============================================================================

CONFIGURE OPTIONS:

This file contains hints for building the sources.  There are a number of
build targets, some of which are not built automatically.  Here is the
breakdown.

      wacom.o: built by default (--enable-wacom, --disable-wacom)
      wacdump: built by default (--enable-wacdump, --disable-wacdump)
        hid.o: not built by default (--enable-hid, --disable-hid)
   usbmouse.o: not built by default (--enable-usbmouse, --disable-usbmouse)
  wacom_drv.o: not built by default (--enable-wacomdrv, --disable-wacomdrv)

BUILDING:

Generally, you run the configure script followed by make.  This package
will not attempt to install the drivers.  Please see the documentation on
the website for more information on where specific drivers belong.

    [root@haku linuxwacom-dev] # ./configure
    [root@haku linuxwacom-dev] # make

There are many options, and configure will attempt to guess the correct
values for most of them.  By default, only the kernel driver and wacdump
program are built.

REQUIREMENTS:

wacom.o, hid.o, and usbmouse are kernel modules and require the kernel
sources to be present.  On a Redhat 8.0 system with the kernel-sources
RPM installed, the source directory is located at /usr/src/linux-2.4.
The wacdump configuration script will search for this directory
automatically as well as /usr/src/linux.  You can override the directory
using the --with-kernel=<directory> option.

wacom_drv.o requires the XFree86 sources as well as a functional XF86
build environment.  Since this is a more complicated setup and few people
are going to want to rebuild this driver from source, the wacom_drv.o file
is supplied with the wacdump package in the prebuilt directory.  It is
compiled with gcc 3.2 under Redhat 8.0.  If the prebuilt wacom_drv.o module
will not work for you, see the section "Building wacom_drv.o From Scratch."
	
BUILDING wacom_drv.o FROM SCRATCH

You will need the XFree86 source code, and you will need to actually build
it.  The file xf86Version.h is generated during the build process and is a
required dependency for building wacom_drv.o.  The configure script will
*not* attempt to build wacom-drv.o by default, but if you provide the
--enable-wacomdrv and --with-xf86=<xf86_directory> options, configure will
build wacom_drv.o during the normal build process.

If the xf86Version.h file is located at:
	/usr/local/src/XFree86-4.2.0/xc/programs/Xserver/include/xf86Version.h

Then the correct configure options would be:
	--enable-wacomdrv --with-xf86=/usr/local/src/XFree86-4.2.0

==============================================================================

WEBSITE: http://linux.joganic.com/wacom
   HELP: jej@j-arkadia.com
